1. Dennis Ritchie
Computers used to be the size of a refrigerator. Unix, an operating system created at Bell Labs, led the way to the personal computers that we utilize today. Mini computers were smaller and more affordable, which allowed them to be used by smaller companies. The significance of this operating system, was that it allowed for the beginning of the decentralization of computing. Unix or systems derived from it can be found in modern technology, such as smart phones, or the Amazon Kindle.

2. Bjarne Stroustrup
Bjarne Stroustrup created C++ and within this language also created the idea of classes. These classes were created for 'all domains', such that anything could be represented as a class. Then came class hierarchy, which allows for specific classes to be children of more vague classes. An example of this is 4 classes: /a fire engine/a type of truck/a type of car/type of vehicle. The significance of all of this comes together as object oriented programming, which transformed the way that programs are written and executed.

3. Bell Labs Unix
Bell Laboratories was looking for a better way to develop computer programs. One of the issues was that users of their software constantly demanded upgrades and changes to fit their needs, however this took lots of time as the entire program needed to be manipulated. For this reason C++ allows for programs to be broken down into modules, so that when changes are implemented, only the effected modules must be changed. This ability was partially due to the three 'layers' of the program. The innermost layer, the sernel, controls hardware resources. This middle layer or the shell is the interface between the users and the kernel. The outer layer is made up of useful programs, compilers, document formatting programs, and other utilities. These 3 layers make up a block which can then be used as a building block to string together multiple programs. The significance of this design was the ability to pipe the output of a program as the input of another program. This allowed for problems to be solved through the use of many programs, which streamlined production and upkeep of the program(s).

4. Linus Torvalds
Linus Torvalds began his project 'Linux' in his headquarters, which included one room, one computer, and one man. Though Torvalds didn't have start with the resources or manpower of a company like Bell Laboratories, he would stumble across the ways around this. Torvalds spread his software and began asking for constructive criticism on his program and code. Though he was unsure whether this was a good idea or not, he eventually made Linux open source with open source licenses. Linus was 21 when people began contributing ideas to Linux and this was a revelation for him. The community around Linux grew slowly, however it eventually outgrew Linus. He could no longer upkeep a program with this large of a community the way he began it. This led Torvalds to create Git, an open source distributed version control system, which was designed to help handle the upkeep of Linux. This allowed for about 1000 people to be working on each release, which happened every couple of months. The significance of Linux was not only its success overall but specifically its success with open source.